Hi everybody, this talk will be on Shiny Data-centric web applications in Python
and this talk will be introducing Shiny for Python
and it's by Joe Cheng
A little bit of info about Joe
Joe is the CTO and first employee at Post-It PPC
formerly known as RStudio
where he helped create the RStudio IDE and Shiny web framework
along with countless complementary tools and packages
Please welcome Joe for his talk
Thanks Vincent
Today I'm going to talk to you about Shiny for Python
a package for creating data-centric web applications in Python
This is an example of a pretty simple, typical Shiny app
I'm going to go ahead and click it
and hopefully show you the live version
On the left we have some parameters that I can use to affect the graph
On the right, this is using Seaborn
and on the back end it's AppCandice or Polars or something, I don't remember
and on the top here I can show some big numbers
and my colleague who created this example app wanted to make sure that I clicked on the penguins
so you can see the lovely art by Alison Forst
So, Shiny is, as I said, it's for creating interactive apps and dashboards in Python
and we'll get into some of the different applications today
But I want to emphasize, because...
How many here have heard of Shiny before?
And how many of you have heard of Shiny in the context of R, not Python?
I want to make sure that it's clear because I've gotten this question
Shiny for Python is not a wrapper around Shiny for R
This is not like you have to install R to use Shiny for Python
Shiny for Python is a ground-up reimplementation of Shiny in PurePython
and it was designed primarily with data scientists in mind
and that has a couple of implications
Number one, we don't expect you to have web development skills
You can do tons and tons of stuff in PurePython
and it's based on this reactive programming approach to interactivity
that we specifically chose because it's easy to get started with
and relatively hard to make mistakes
On the other hand, I personally have been creating websites and web applications since 1996
It would be really frustrating for me personally if day in and day out
I was working on this web framework that felt lowest on the denominator in any way
or that it had artificial guardrails
So if you do have web development skills
you can fully leverage them to customize or extend your Shiny apps
and it seems like even in data science
more and more people seem to be picking up some of these skills
And the same reactive programming paradigm that is so easy to get started with
it's also powerful and flexible and deep as I hope to show you today
Just to get concrete here
this is what a Shiny app looks like in Shiny for Python
This is probably the simplest app
This is like a Hello World app basically
Every Shiny app has two main components
There's first the user interface
and this is Python code that generates HTML to send to the browser
And in this case, it's going to look something like this
So we have...
So in this case, we have an input slider and an output plot
And this app UI variable that it's creating is literally just HTML
Like if you were to print that out of Python, that's what you would see
And the other component is this server logic
that runs on the server at runtime
and it provides the interactivity of the app
In this case, if the user touches the slider and moves it to a new value
this input.n is automatically updated
and this entire function will run to generate a new plot
that is sent to whatever spot is designated in the UI
by output underscore plot there
So that's the basics of how a Shiny app is built
At the bottom is just a single line to create an app object
and assign it to an app variable
And this is what your user experience will be like as a developer
Using VS Code here, we have a Shiny for Python VS Code extension
So you can just click this play button here
if you have a Shiny app on the screen
And it will run the Shiny app at the bottom
putting you in the right virtual environment and things like that
And at the right, the application will appear
And as you save changes to your application Python code
it will go ahead and reload automatically
As you would expect in 2023 for a web framework
So let me show you a slightly more complicated example
than just that hello world
In this example, we are using the Astropy astronomy package for Python
to create a tool that helps astronomers know
when are the best times to look for
these specific celestial objects that they're interested in observing
This will show you when they'll be brightest in the night sky
depending on what day and what location on Earth you're in
And I'm going to show some code here
Don't worry if you don't try to ingest it all
I just want to point out a couple things about this kind of code
So in this Shiny UI, we're using some additional features
First of all, this is an h3 tag
In HTML that means heading level 3
So if you know HTML and you're familiar with HTML tags
you can directly access them by using these Python functions
that wrap the equivalent HTML tag
You can use markdown
In this case, we have a link in the middle that's using markdown syntax
And we can have rows and columns that have varying widths
We have outputs
We have inputs
And if you put all that together, you have a UI that looks like this
And one other thing that I want to point out
When I zoom out, there's sort of a shape to the code
Because it's nested functions, there's sort of a shape that the indentation gives it
And there's two big chunks here
One for the header and one for the body
And I really love this property that the shape of the code is reflected in the shape of the UI
And this is true in sort of a hierarchical way
So inside of that body, there are two columns
And you can see the shape of those columns reflected in the shape of the code
And as your apps get larger and more complicated
This is a really beautiful property
Because it means it's easy to find your way to the specific spot in your complex UI
Where you need to make changes
Okay, so we announced Shiny for Python about a little less than a year ago
And the news made the rounds
And on our data science subreddit
I think we had a pretty typical range of reactions
Some people were really excited
But other people were like this
But it's just so easy to throw something up with Streamlit
How many people here have heard of Streamlit?
Okay, how many people have used Streamlit?
Okay, so a few of you
And Streamlit has this reputation for being just so easy
And I want to examine that, unpack that a little bit
So imagine that you have a script.py
A totally normal linear Python script that is doing some data analysis
Let's say you're loading some data
You are maybe cleaning it a little bit
And then you're previewing a pandas data frame and then plotting it
The promise of Streamlit is that you can take pretty much that exact script
Sprinkle in some Streamlit to add some UI
And boom, you have now an interactive data product or what have you
And contrast that to Shiny
Which, if you've never seen Shiny before, even what I just showed you
Clearly, Shiny wants you to put code in the places where it tells you to
So it is a different approach
And this approach that they have of being able to write Streamlit apps
In the same way you write Python scripts
There's a very specific way they make this possible
Streamlit's architecture allows you to write apps the same way you write plain Python scripts
To unlock this, Streamlit apps have a unique data flow
Anytime something must be updated on the screen
Streamlit reruns your entire Python script from top to bottom
And let me be clear, it is easy
I mean, for simple Streamlit apps, it is unbelievably easy
You could learn Streamlit by accident
You could write a Streamlit app falling down the stairs
I mean, it is really, really easy
And they also have really nice-looking output
I mean, it's pretty hard to make a bad-looking Streamlit app
But this model also has limitations that are quite obvious
And especially with the early versions of Streamlit
You had this pretty slow performance
Because it's always executing the entire thing again and again
And pretty soon you need to start being pretty deliberate about caching values
And you have pretty limited opportunities for interactivity
Other than changing parameters, the whole thing kind of rebuilds
So Streamlit added some capabilities called caching, callbacks, and session state
And as people develop in their Streamlit journey
They find themselves relying more and more on these techniques
And this is where I sort of, I'm out, you know
The combination of this beautifully elegant top-to-bottom execution model
Plus these other features, I think this combination is actually quite dangerous
And I'm not going to elaborate too much more on this
This is not a talk about Streamlit
But I just want to make it clear that this is not something that I made up
I came to this conclusion by looking at the feedback that Streamlit's most rabid fans were giving them
So in the big picture context, I see one critical issue for Streamlit
The top-to-bottom rerun on every interaction paradigm
Maintaining state becomes really difficult
And there are just multiple examples where people found this model
At first super simple, and then ultimately kind of painted them into a corner
So what we've tried to do with Shiny and this reactive approach
Is to have a paradigm that's both easy to get started with and it scales
It scales as the complexity of your apps scale
It scales as the kinds of things you want to do to extend your apps increase
And over the last 10 years, as Shiny for R has proliferated on these same ideas of reactivity
We've seen people build rather complex data apps indeed
And a lot of the time, if you talk to our users and customers
Who are getting the most value out of Shiny
They're often building rather complex, not just a simple dashboard
Not just a simple model demonstrator
But really using Shiny for those things, yes
But also integrating into critical workflows
And this idea of reactivity that was really the kernel that started Shiny
Over the last 10 years, it's been unbelievable to me
How fertile this ground is for new ideas
That these small reactive primitives that we've been working with since 2012
Really can be combined in all these interesting ways
And features like this just sort of fall out left and right
And even after 10 years, last week getting ready for this talk
My colleague Winston Chang and I discovered a new way to use reactivity
To interact with async Python generators
In a way that made, you'll see, one of our demo applications possible
So now I'd like to launch into some demos
And it's 2020 for me, what is Tech Talk
Without some kind of large language model demo, right?
So this is a package that Winston has been working on
That basically makes it easier for him to scratch his own itch
Of playing with OpenAI's chat2BT API
So this is a super simple Shiny app that you can see here
We're importing this cat module, that's new
And with one line of UI and one line of server
And this is where I hope the API works well today
No, stop it
So, okay
With one line of UI and one line of server
I have a chat2BT interface
So I have like, why is the sky blue?
And the fact that this text is streaming in
This is that thing that we were playing with with async generators
You know, it's chat2BT, so why is the sky blue as a wrap?
So really easy, but
It's not that interesting if we're just inserting an island of chat2BT
Into a Shiny app, right?
What we really want to do is be able to interact with
And mess with the conversation between chat2BT and the user
So
For this next example
So, Winston again
Taking on Winston, I guess, this demo session
Winston recently bought a Samsung induction range
He really wanted me to tell you guys
He bought a fancy new Shiny induction range
And this range is pretty new
And chat2BT 3.5 is only current up to September 2021
Something like that
So, despite having a PhD
He was not able to figure out how to set the time
On the clock of his new stove
So
What this application lets you do is
Take a PDF, so in this case the Samsung induction range
User manual
And you upload it to this document
And now it's indexing, it's generating embeddings
And when I ask a question, it's going to send a context to chat2BT
So I can say, how do I set the time on the clock?
And it gives me a list of steps
Okay, great, and now our clock can stop flashing at 12
So, in this example
We had to change the payload that's being sent to chat2BT
Without having that interfere with the user experience
So that's one thing that this package lets you do
And then one more chat2BT example, and then I'll move on
So this one's a little different in that there are two chat2BTs
That I've embedded in this one app
And it's really fun to, you know, sort of compare
As you have one conversation, you can talk to another model
And ask it different things
But let's play 20 questions
I'll ask, or I'll guess
Okay
And this app has this mode where you can have these two models talk to each other
So let's play 20 questions
You guess first
Go ahead and guess
And I can click this converse with self
And every time a response comes back from one of these conversations
It'll be directed to the other side
So now we are watching chat2BT play 20 questions with itself
Is it an object? Yes, it's an object
Is it commonly found? Yes
There's a lot of yeses, this is a little bit suspicious
I should have turned the temperature up, I guess
Can it be used for cooking food? Yes
Can it be used for cooking food? Is it made out of metal?
This is some BS, what is with all...
Honestly, this doesn't usually happen, this seems very rigged
Is it a frying pan?
Oh, it is a frying pan, so...
Come on
Okay
Yeah, you never know, you never know what's going to come out
Yesterday when I tried this, it was just smiley emoji
And that was, it was that recursively
Alright, that probably cost me like $2
Okay
So this package is available, this QR code
It's super, super wet cement
I mean, like, I think this has existed for like a total of four Christmas days now
So definitely, you know, API can change and things like that
But super fun to play around with
Okay
So for my next demo
This is using a demo that, an example that came from Plotly
So this is a Plotly widget on the right here
Showing a 3D visualization of Brownian motion
Now Brownian motion is like the random motion of a particle on a surface
Or in a volume of air or something like that
And I can hit new data here to generate new samples, new random samples
And some of these look really cool, and some of them
Like this one, it's a little harder to see what's going on
Just because of the random angle that the camera happens to be at
Now because this is Plotly, they have this feature where you can click and drag
And that's cool, right
But just for fun, for this example, we're going to do something different
So I'm using the Google Media Pipe library to track the position of my hand
So Google's doing all the heavy lifting, like detecting the length of marks on my hand
But Shiny is calculating a normal vector shooting out of my palm
And then using that to determine where the camera angle goes
And the reason I show you this, besides, you know, just that's kind of fun
Is this feature here, this smooth tracking
So if I turn this off, this is what this demo originally looked like
And, you know, when I got this working, I was like, oh my gosh, this is amazing
And my son is a senior in high school and is going to be a computer science major next year
I was like, come over and come look at this
And he was like, why is it so jittery?
I'm ungrateful
So, yeah, but, you know, it's a good question
Like, why is it so jittery? And it's jittery because sensors are jittery, right
But I thought it was an interesting question
Can we make it not so jittery?
So we tried a couple of things
We tried only registering movement if it was over a certain number of pixels
And that was like a complete mess
It was super stuttering and slow
And then we thought, like, what if we just average over the last five samples that we collect
And that's the approach here
It's just a simple mean over the last five samples
And it works great, super smooth
And what's interesting about this
What's interesting about this is
It took about 10 minutes to implement that smoothing in 30-something lines of code
But what this is, is actually not a smoother for this app
This is a generalized smoother for any reactive value or source in Shiny
So that means that any kind of input that you have in Shiny that's fast and noisy
You can apply this function, tell it how many samples you want to smooth over
And provide your own algorithm for how you take n samples and collapse them into one
In my case, I was doing a mean, but you can do whatever you want
With this short snippet of code, we have generalized smoothing available in any Shiny app you can use
And that's kind of what I was talking about
We keep discovering these new applications of this technology called reactive programming
Just a couple more features I want to talk about
One is Shiny Live
Shiny Live is the combination of Shiny and the power of WebAssembly
Via the pretty famous at this point PyDive project
So if you haven't heard of it, PyDive is Python running inside of your web browser using WebAssembly
And what this lets you do is have an experience like this
Where we have this web page loaded
And there's actually nothing behind this web page other than HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
There is no server running Python
Python is running entirely within the browser
And this is just showing a real-time CPU graph
Well, to be fair, one thing you cannot do in the browser is monitor the host computer's CPUs
So this is fake data
But if you imagine some other streaming data source, the same kind of techniques would apply
We have a Canvas-style data table at the bottom
And we can change this color palette to have different color maps
And this one is not awesome
So let's go ahead and remove that as an option
So we can come here and delete this
And if I press play, now it is reloaded and my update has taken effect
So pretty nice to be able to just come to this web page
You don't have to install Shiny on your mobile or anything
You can just start playing with Shiny through the shinylive.io website
And if you like what you've done here, you can even share it through a URL
So if you want to send this to a friend that you want to see the code, then you can use this link
And they have basically the same editing experience as you did
Or you can click here and say, no, I want this just to feel like a full-on application
And it hides all the Chrome and just shows the app
So the nice thing about this is that the computation now is all happening on the browser
So you can actually use this technology to deploy Shiny apps to any static web host
You can put it on GitHub Pages or what have you instead of having to pay for Heroku
We also have free hosting, but if you wanted to put it on any static web host, you could
And you can also easily embed these kinds of Shiny applications in Quarto
If you haven't heard of Quarto, it is a way of stitching together narrative through markdown
And computations and outputs of computations all together in beautiful documents
My colleague JJ O'Leary will be talking about that later this afternoon
And what this lets you do is it lets you combine these applications
Either bare like this or with a full editing experience directly into your documents and reports
Super easy to do
And we like that feature so much that we actually use Quarto to build our documentation website
So when you're learning Shiny, all of our examples take place in these little editors
And all of this is using Quarto and Shiny Live
One more feature, this is not available yet
This is something that we're working on, but I was really excited about it, so I wanted to at least give you a preview
We have a Shiny UI editor that's being developed that is a way to drag and drop your way to creating Shiny UI
So instead of writing the UI code that I showed you with nested function calls
You can use controls on the left, drag them onto this surface in the middle
And then use the pane on the right to modify properties
And all this is doing is just writing the same code you would write
So the end result is not a lot different than if you were to write it by hand
So you can change some properties on the slider here
So what you're seeing in the middle is just sort of a wireframe version of the application
It's not high fidelity, but in the lower right it's rendering a preview that is showing the live application
And you can click it to see what your application actually looks like
So still early days for this thing, but we expect to be rolling it out in the coming months
And we're super excited about making it easier for people to create
Especially if you're building dashboards that have a bunch of rectangles on it
To get the spacing exactly right and to get the right proportions
It's one of those things that's easier when you're dragging and looking at it in real time
Than writing the code
Okay, that is it for me
If you are interested in writing powerful reactive web applications
I highly encourage you to go to shiny.plus.co.uk
We have examples and lots of articles and reference documentations there
That QR code is to the main website
And if you are interested in the source code of my examples minus the chat ones
They're at PyDataSeattle2023
And maybe in the middle of questions I'll switch over to show the other slide again
So yeah, thank you
So I tend to leave plenty of time for questions
Does anyone have any questions? Yes, in the back
Hi, I've never used Shiny, but I was just wondering if you could characterize
If I have some data on the back end that I want to reference or plug into this
Suppose I have a file that has a couple hundred thousand rows of data
What should I think about, or do you have a capacity?
Yeah, sure
I think the question was if you have data on the back end that's maybe a couple hundred thousand rows
Or really, I think the question you're asking is how do you get your data into this thing
And what size limitations do you need to worry about
So you can use any sort of Python code you want to load your data
And our example apps use Canvas and Polars and DuckTV
And pretty much it's up to you how you want to load your data
Now there are a couple things that are worth talking about as far as scalability and things like that go
Number one, as a general rule, your data stays on the server
So if you're looking at a bunch of plots you made in Seaborn and that's it
Then you could load gigs of data and none of it is transferred over the wire
Just the actual outputs that the user is viewing
And that may sound obvious, but that's not true for all Python data science frameworks
Now I think the main thing that you'll have to worry about is, number one, is memory consumption
So in order to get good performance, you want to not be going back to reading a huge CSV
Every time the user kind of touches anything
So by default, Shiny has these reactivity features
Actually on the screen here it says React and Calc
This is sort of a way to do very smart caching of your data as it changes
So in general, it'll cache the last copy, like the current copy of your data that you're displaying
So if you're loading a gigantic data frame and that is the result of your React and Calc expression
Shiny is going to hold one copy of that in memory
If you do a bunch of aggregation on it before you return it, then Shiny will just hold the aggregated values
Which could be much, much smaller
And also, I think as your data gets bigger, just like anything in Python data analysis
You start to look at sort of out-of-memory things
You start to look at things like .db or using a full-blown database or an OLAP system or something like that
And maybe not just loading CSVs into memory
Yeah?
I'm curious, how easy was it to move Shiny over to Python?
Like, Python has been used for web development for a long time compared to R
I'm just kind of curious if you have any feelings on that
Yeah, how hard was it to move Shiny over to Python?
I think it was one of those things that seemed really scary until we started
And then it went very quickly
And that includes having to really learn, like, Python's type annotation system
Wasn't something that existed the last time I really did any real Python
And that was something our whole team had to pick up and get good at
But, you know, I'd say like 90% of it was surprisingly fast
And then every once in a while there was something that, like
Creating the reference documentation took an ungodly amount of time
So there were, like, surprising things that ended up taking the other 90% of the time
Yeah?
What would be the difference between using something like Shiny and moving it to Qualys-Dash?
Because we're designing it off what it's going to choose to be
So, you know, what were your expectations?
Yeah, I was expecting that
It took three minutes to get to that question
No, no, no, it's a really good question
And I almost addressed it in my talk
And then I just thought I'd leave it for a question
Well, every web framework has its own opinions about what's important
And we all make different payoffs
And in the particular case of Dash
The most opinionated thing they did was they made the server stateless
And that means that there is no memory in Dash
Between one invocation of a callback and another
So it's kind of like, to me, that has always puzzled me
As the choice that they made
Because it introduces such annoying limitations for the app author
And really mostly has a marginal benefit
For the people who ultimately have to deploy the app
I actually was curious about this
I was going to make this assertion that it has this big downside
And fairly marginal upside
And I think we have a lot of customers that use Shiny for R
And Dash for Python
And I don't think anyone has ever said
Oh, and we love that Dash is serverless
I mean, stateless
It doesn't matter for the vast majority of especially data-oriented applications
But listen, I'm here to learn
So if you are a Dash user and you love Dash
And I'm wrong and you love the stateless aspect of it
Then absolutely please come talk to me at the deposit booth
But I will say, I think when people start to realize
How much state is being transferred to the server
Every single time you touch anything
Like if you upload a CSV
You're really just holding it in the client
And every single output that renders
Every single time they render
You have to send that data to the server
In every XHR call
And that's just a really surprising tradeoff to me
So in fairness, Dash Plotly has a page about
Like they know this is a problem
Like here are all these mitigations
But to me, that exact problem that they have workarounds for
Was the heart of Shiny
Like the heart of Shiny is that you have this state
That you're going to want to use again and again
As you tweak through the different possibilities of your analysis
And what we treated as core
They treated as sort of a little more of an afterthought
Maybe this is kind of piggybacking off of her question
But we use Bokeh a lot, like a Bokeh server
And we have that in the Flask framework
Do you have this ability to change
To embed the server
Because we have this huge production of Bokeh in Flask
Sure, sure, sure
Yeah, so the question was
At your work, did they embed Bokeh
Or really integrate Bokeh applications
Into larger applications that are written in Flask
So almost
Shiny is not based on Flask
But based on the newer ASGI frameworks
So it is based on Starlet or FastAPI
You've heard of that
So you can combine Shiny with FastAPI applications
In exactly the same way that you can combine Bokeh with Flask
That being said, for existing Flask applications
The other way you could go, which people do with Shiny for R
Is to aggregate at the proxy layer
So you would run an Nginx server in front of both servers
And then use that to basically map Shiny onto
Your Shiny app onto a certain URL path
I'm making it sound more complicated than it is
Yeah, yeah, okay
Yeah, over here in front
So if you are running a stateful server
How do you handle multiple people accessing Shiny at the same time?
Yeah, so the question was
If we're a stateful server
How do we handle multiple people accessing the server at the same time?
And that is an excellent question
There are a couple ways that you do that
So let me first talk about multiple people hitting the same server
Or the same Python process
So this server function
Is actually invoked once per visitor
Or once per, we call that a session
But it's like a browser tab, basically
So each visitor that arrives
Gets their own copy of this input-output in a session
So everything that you do inside of this server function
Is isolated to that one user
But a really interesting consequence of this architecture
That I really love
Is that you can put things here
So you can put reactive objects here
And then they're actually shared by all users
So you can decide what things are global
What things are specific to each user
Now the other question you might be wondering is
If you have multiple servers in a cluster
How do you, you know, there's something in memory
On a particular server
How do you make sure that it's routed?
So for that we just ask that you turn on sticky load balancing
Which every load balancer has that feature
And pretty much pops off
Yeah, in the back there
I have some questions
So when you share Shiny apps
Is there any obfuscation from underlying data
That comes through?
So if you're sharing apps outside of your organization
Or a conference or anything like that
Is it easy to create some stack
And get all the underlying data
Or is there some security?
Oh man, can you imagine if I answered
Like yes, it's easy to get at the underlying data
That would be real bad
No, so for Shiny
It is, at the end of the day, it's a web application
So the messages that are going back and forth over the wire
Are the inputs and the outputs
The underlying data, the underlying code
Remains locked away on the server
The one exception to that is this Shiny live mode
Where everything's running on the client
Well in that case, everything's being shipped to the client
So if you have hard-coded a password
Into your Shiny application
And then ship it via Shiny live to the browser
Well, yeah, you've made a mistake
But if you host it any of the traditional ways
Where Python is running on the server
And the front end is just showing pictures
And giving you inputs
Then everything is perfectly safe
The same way it would be in Flask
The same way it would be in Django
Or any other web application framework
So you're comparing it to Flask and Django, FastAPI
Is the CICE, like this looks like really
From a developer's perspective
Super easy to get up and running
And the logical next question is
Okay, now I need people at my organization to use this
I need it to get deployed
I need it to get updates, improvements
Is that kind of standard?
Or are there any additional considerations
Beyond the typical FastAPI development and deployment?
Yeah, yeah, you sound like someone who works for a living
That's a very practical and important question
So the question was
Yeah, this seems great for whoever is writing the application
But when it comes to the time to deploy it
And integrate it into CICE pipelines
And keep it up and keep it stable
Is there anything that you need to be aware of?
So in terms of the deployment
It feels pretty much like a typical FastAPI type app
However
I'd say if you write a traditional Django or FastAPI type app
The testing can be easier
Because really what you're writing
For most of those sort of lower-level web frameworks
Is a series of endpoints
And with Shiny, all this interactivity
This is happening over a WebSocket
There's no reason why that's not inherently testable
But most people in most organizations
Do not have a lot of experience
Testing WebSocket-based applications
So I will say we have been using Playwright
If you use Playwright or Cypress as testing frameworks
They work awesome
And Playwright will even let you inspect the WebSocket traffic
As it goes through
But yes, if you have people that are used to testing Django apps
Specifically the testing aspect
And also the load testing aspect
It's probably going to throw them for a loop for a little bit
But other than that
I mean, to be honest
The turnaround times on building these kinds of apps
For people who know a little bit of Shiny
It is so dramatically different
Than what it is for using
And by the way, the same is true for Streamlit and Dash
You were talking about a different order of magnitude
Of velocity
Versus using sort of these lower-level frameworks
That, you know, people get
That there are going to be these kinds of tradeoffs
Where the wires are not quite as visible
And you can't instrument them quite as well
Yeah
One final question
Or no, you guys are out
That's fine
Thank you very much